Preparation for release v2025.2 (Zonemaster/Zonemaster) (#1451)
dotse/zonemaster: docs/public/RELEASE.md

# Release v2025.2 (2025-12-17)

### \[Release information\]
- The GUI in this release has been completely rewritten. Customization has been greatly extended. See Zonemaster-GUI and <https://doc.zonemaster.net/v2025.2/configuration/gui/README.md>.
- Translations, besides French,  have not been fully updated in this release. They will be updated in an upcoming extra release.
- A zone (domain name) without DNSSEC will now raise a [WARNING] message, rather than [NOTICE] (#1425)

### \[Breaking changes\]
- Removes deprecated API method get_batch_job_result. See [#1433] and [Zonemaster-Backend].
- Customization of GUI from previous versions requires a migration for this version. See Zonemaster-GUI and <https://doc.zonemaster.net/v2025.2/configuration/gui/README.md>.
- The Zonemaster URL API has changed. See <https://doc.zonemaster.net/v2025.2/using/gui/api.html>.

### \[Deprecations\]
- Ignores and deprecates some profile properties. To be removed in release v2026.1. See [Zonemaster-Engine].
- Deprecate yes/no boolean values ([#1438])

### \[Features\]

> - Adds Dockerfile and Docker image for Backend. See Zonemaster-Backend and <https://doc.zonemaster.net/v2025.2/using/backend/Using-Zonemaster-Backend-Docker.md> (#1441)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds Dockerfile and Docker image for Backend. See Zonemaster-Backend and [Using Docker Backend] document (#1441)
```

[backend-Changes]:    https://github.com/zonemaster/zonemaster-backend/blob/master/Changes
[gui-Changes]:        https://github.com/zonemaster/zonemaster-gui/blob/master/Changes

[Zonemaster-LDNS]:    https://github.com/zonemaster/zonemaster-ldns
[Zonemaster-Engine]:  https://github.com/zonemaster/zonemaster-engine
[Zonemaster-CLI]:     https://github.com/zonemaster/zonemaster-cli
[Zonemaster-Backend]: https://github.com/zonemaster/zonemaster-backend
[Zonemaster-GUI]:     https://github.com/zonemaster/zonemaster-gui

[NOTICE]:     https://github.com/zonemaster/zonemaster/blob/master/docs/public/specifications/tests/SeverityLevelDefinitions.md#notice
[WARNING]:    https://github.com/zonemaster/zonemaster/blob/master/docs/public/specifications/tests/SeverityLevelDefinitions.md#warning

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Configuring GUI]:      https://doc.zonemaster.net/v2025.2/configuration/gui/README.md
[Configuring GUI API]:  https://doc.zonemaster.net/v2025.2/configuration/gui/api.html
[Using Docker Backend]: https://doc.zonemaster.net/v2025.2/using/backend/Using-Zonemaster-Backend-Docker.html

```
